this you know be a bit puffy at the
moment what bags under your eyes are
starting to dominate why are we selling
for such blatant but Olli I know you
can't what do you think
I think it's sensational join me and
starting a new existence within
ourselves Shh oh you're lost I know
about seize this first of all
well you're a mich I wasn't always like
this it's coming up to a year night
after Lucy
sometimes it feels like the world's
below Dave the cot tell if they can't
hear me or they're ignoring
[Music]
why are you so happy all the time
you mean stop smiling stop smiling I'm
not I hope you will like more magic than
any mushroom ever text all their but I'm
in our head the secrets are perfect
existence
[Music]
let's never go out there
you